COMDOX-327: Migrate Advanced Reporting from magento/devdocs (#70)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/advanced-reporting/modules.md

---
title: Modules for advanced reporting | Commerce PHP Extensions

> description: Learn about the PHP modules that Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source use for provide advanced reporting functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the PHP modules that Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source use for providing advanced reporting functionality.
```

I changed the description from "Learn about" because the topic is really just an annotated list. Change that part back if you want, but you do have a grammar error.
